changelog and version bump for 2021-02-17 (#724)
osohq/oso: new-docs/content/any/project/changelogs/2021-02-17.md

---
title: Release 2021-02-17
menuTitle: 2021-02-17
any: true
description: Changelog for Release 2021-02-17 (oso 0.11.0) containing new features, bug fixes, and more.
---

## `oso` 0.11.0

### Unbound variable handling in the Polar VM

The Polar Virtual Machine now handles expressions involving unbound
variables by adding constraints to them. For example, given a rule like:
```
f(x) if x > 1;
```
A query for `f(x)` where `x` is an unbound variable will now return
a constraint represented as the expression `_this > 1`. This is
intended to be used in data filtering contexts, such as with the
Django or SQLAlchemy adapters.

Because extensive internal changes were made to support this feature,
we recommend that you test your policies carefully with this version.

> Please reach out via [Slack](https://oso-oss.slack.com/) or a

Reviewer: Change to join link
```suggestion
Please reach out via [Slack](https://join-slack.osohq.com/) or a
```

[GitHub issue](https://github.com/osohq/oso/issues) if you find any

> problems, e.g., policies that now produce errors or incorrect results,
> missing constraints in data filtering, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
problems, e.g., policies that now produce errors.
```

And update the data filtering section below to say that data filtering is still considered an experimental feature.

Reviewer: (e.g. perf and completeness)
